My Process:

1.  The first decision I had to make was a no brainer for me:  What language will I use? Why?

    I am using React, an open-source JavaScript library for building user interfaces. The homepage, (https://reactjs.org/) declares that
    React is :
        * Declarative - React makes it painless to create interactive UIs. Design simple views 
        for each state in your application, and React will efficiently update and render just 
        the right components when your data changes.  Declarative views make your code more 
        predictable and easier to debug.

        * Component_Based - Build encapsulated components that manage their own state, then compose 
        them to make complex UIs.  Since component logic is written in JavaScript instead of 
        templates, you can easily pass rich data through your app and keep state out of the DOM.

        * Learn Once, Write Anywhere - We don’t make assumptions about the rest of your technology 
        stack, so you can develop new features in React without rewriting existing code.  React can
        also render on the server using Node and power mobile apps using React Native.

2.  Using 'create-react-app', I setup the boilerplate for my code and tweeked it a bit to my liking.  I added
    a components directory to hold the following files: Navigation Bar, Home, Game, Grid, Box, Buttons.

3.  Dependencies:
    * Bootstrap - the most popular CSS Framework for developing responsive and 
            mobile-first websites.
    * React Bootstrap - React-Bootstrap replaces the Bootstrap JavaScript. Each 
            component has been built from scratch as a true React component, 
            without unneeded dependencies like jQuery.  React-Bootstrap has evolved 
            and grown alongside React, making it an excellent choice as your UI foundation.
            Built with compatibility in mind, we embrace our bootstrap core and strive 
            to be compatible with the world's largest UI ecosystem.  By relying entirely 
            on the Bootstrap stylesheet, React-Bootstrap just works with the thousands 
            of Bootstrap themes you already love
    * React-Router-DOM - offers a way to write your code so that it will show certain components 
            of your app only if the route matches what you define.